
Many religions exist across the world, the major ones in area are:

[[Animism]] - Most Common - flesh out the specifics but standard spirit stuff

[[Ancient worship]] - belief that the ruins of the old world are the remains of a people who ascended to a higher plane of existence and left the world behind to the new races. While followers worship all of these ancients they believe places of previous governmental significance (e.g. White House, Buckingham Palace, Red Square etc.) to be the houses of “The Leaders” who they worship above the others, and they attribute these Leaders with different domains (War, Love, Fertility etc.). They believe the community humans to be the heralds of these ancients and the guardians of what they left behind. This religion is less common but the followers of this faith often tend to be the most zealous/fanatical.

[[Gnome Belief]] - do not worship a deity or god like entity more so the “religious” gnomes would embrace a spiritual view of magic as a life giving energy that permeates the cosmos. Many high gnome theologists are still arguing over how Earth fits into their beliefs after discovering life flourished on this planet for millennia without zero magic, and when it did appear caused mass devastation (some misinterpret what they have learned about the first apocalypse and believe that to also be caused by magic disbelieving destruction on that scale could be achieved without magic). Some theorise that Earth exists in a separate reality that they could only start to travel to when magic got a foothold in this reality, some are trying to figure out a way to “measure” magic on further away planets and in space to see if magic is localised to just this planet.

[[Other#Old World Religions|Old World Religions]] - Worshipped by those humans who continue the traditions of their ancestors, a major minority due to population size and many community humans being some degree of sceptic or atheist.

While there is no definitive proof of any divinity the devout of varying and often conflicting faiths are able to attain magical abilities from their strong belief. Whether this is proof of the existence of higher power or merely an expression of the individual's strong feelings allowing them to manifest their connection to magic. While some prophets have claimed to have heard the words of their divine, there is no way to confirm the veracity of these claims and they could be frauds or the belief that their internal monologue manifested in a specific way.
